Alrighty, so moving right along here,
so in step three, we're going to update the HTML templates
to display the error messages for the Credit Card section.
So I'll just move down here to our Credit Card section,
and again, just more of the same as far as grabbing
those error messages and placing them
in the correct location
and updating the references accordingly.
So I'll just grab this information
and move down to the Credit Card section
for the Card Type section,
and I'll put this here right after the dropdown list,
the select,
and then I'll update the references accordingly
for creditcardType.
All righty, so I'll just grab this information
and then I'll move down to the next section here
for Name on Card.
So I'll pick the reference here
for creditCarNameOnCard.
And I'll be sure to add the code here for a minlength,
because remember we forgot that
in some of our previous work,
so I'll learn from my mistakes here, minlength.
All right, all right.
And I'll just grab this section and copy it
and move down to Card Number,
and paste it here, be sure that add a div,
here we go, to match up all the divs.
Just make sure all your divs are lined up
and match up accordingly.
And so we'll update the reference here
for creditCardNumber.
And then we also need to add an error message here
for the pattern, the pattern didn't match for the 16 digits.
Okay, that looks pretty good
I like it, I like it.